USF-2278: initial draft of changes for removing references to gdrive and sharepoint (#277)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/tutorials/add-messages-to-mini-cart.mdx

Before implementing inline messages, ensure you have:

> - Access to the content folder for managing message translations through placeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to the content folder to manage message localization through placeholders.
```

<Task>
### Retrieve translations for message texts using placeholders

> Get translations for custom messages from content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get translations for custom messages from the content folder.
```
